`!REQUIREMENTS`*


1.  You must have logged a minimum of 300 hours on your oldest alt 
charactor and at least one alt charactor at level 75 or above.

For Example:

You have two charactors, one a lowbie level 20 with 40 hours, and one a 
level 75 with 400, tou qualify.  

You have six characters with 50 hours each, `!you do not qualify`*.  
Consistancy is as valuable as time put in.  Dedicated time put in to a 
character shows a determination as well as a certain amount of know-how.  


2.  You must get a minimum of 2 Immortals from this mud to send a note 
addressed to the Immortal in charge of mediating the council, endorsing
you for the position on this council. 


3.  You must get a minimum of 5 mortal charactors from this mud, who have 
no immortal alts, to send a note addressed to the Immortal in charge of 
mediating the council, endorsing you for the position on this council.


4.  Final Approval will be granted initially by the single Immortal on the 
council, and further down the road, by a majority vote by the Mortal charactors 
on this council.


5.  You may not have an Immortal alt and be a member of Council, unless 
you are the obligatory 

Immortal pre-selected by the leading Implementors in power.


`!DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES PERTAINING TO NOVICES:`*


While the powers-that-be do not expect you to give up excessive time on 
your own charactors, once you have made the decision to be a part of this 
council, you must be prepared to dedicate yourself to it appropriately.



Thus, we are allowing your council charactor the freedom of multi-playing 
for the `!sole purpose`* of assisting those in need.  You are restricted 
from killing anything with your council member, and any abuse of the 
priviledge given will of course be met with immediate and final action.

Now that we understand that, we come to your true purpose.


1.  Your one true purpose and the thing that should be uppermost in your 
mind at all times, is that you represent this mud and our staff to all 
the visitors and new players we get.  


2.  It falls on you to answer questions, no matter how small you think 
they are, and provide initial advice to our incoming pbase.  There is 
no excuse for treating a new player with disrespect or anything but 
polite understanding and patience.  If you have to leave, or are 
otherwise occupied, handing questions to trustworthy players is an 
adequate solution, however, you should then follow up on the outcome.


3.  It is important to note that there `!IS`* such a thing as `!TOO MUCH`* 
help.  We are not here to plevel new players, or give hand outs.  We are 
teachers, and the best way to learn is through experience.  

For example, don't just give a port to gleeman area; show them the way to 
walk there.  Do not just give them eq; show them which mob loads it.  I 
trust you get the idea.


4.  `!Do not`* accept rudeness from new players any more than you accept 
it from our current pbase.  Politely excuse yourself and address the immortal present with your 
problem.  We do not expect you to be walked on.


5.  If your council member is logged, your Novice channel is expected to 
be on.  You have the ability to silence any player on the channel for due cause,
though, of course, abuse of this ability will be quickly corrected.



syntax is: ntoggle <player name>


`!DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES PERTAINING TO DISPUTES:`*



These responsibilities may be the most frustrating and irritating of 
anything you do with regard to this guild's operation.  However; 
`!it is the intent of the staff to pick from GUIDE guild our 
future Immortals`*.  Thus, it is your chance to diplay how very 
level-headed and objective you can be in times when tempers flare 
and people are at their nastiest.


If players have an issue, first: each player involved must `!NOTE GUIDE`*.  
All the members of the guild must have the opportunity to examine the issue 
objectively from BOTH sides.  Witnesses to the event may also note the guild 
with exactly what they saw, `!minus speculation `*as to anything that may have 
happened prior, or after the event.

When no less than three GUIDE guild members as well as the mediating Immortal, 
have had a chance to review the issue, the decision reached will be returned to 
the players.  

Appeals to these decisions may be granted, with cause, by the mediating immortal, 
in which case they will be forwarded to the Implementors in charge, with the findings 
of the guild.

Since each situation you encounter is bound to be different, and every battle has at 
least two sides we can offer these basic guidelines to assist you in settling disputes 
between players.



1.  `!Keep heated discussion of the incident off OOC.  `*It only adds to the clamor and 
distorts the facts.  Not to mention it reflects badly on the mud.


2.  `!Know the Rules.  `*Know the rules as they are written in the helps.  These are the
rules the players know. We cannot go by what may have been said in passing a week ago, or
by suspected intent of the rule-makers.  Use hard text fact to back up your knowledge.


3.  `!When in doubt, refer to Imms.`*There is no shame in saying you can't handle their 
problems right away.  We don't expect you to feel comfortable passing judgement on every 
problem brought to your attention.  Rather than make a bad decision, pass the problem on 
to someone who has the necessary power to enforce it.


4.  `!Do Not Take Sides.  `*Regardless of how well you think you know the people playing 
with you on this mud, you will refrain from taking sides openly on any issue without having 
the facts presented.  If this means you must keep the identity of your Guildmember cloaked, 
so be it.  Any show of favoritism on the part of the GUIDE guild in respect to settling disputes 
only serves to downgrade authority, and damage the respect the guild and staff of the mud require 
to do their jobs.


5.  `!Be nice.  `*Yeah yeah, Roadhouse.  Still applies.  Be nice.  It looks good, makes people 
feel good, and when they feel good, understandings can be reached that much quicker.
